# Condaclock
#For my project I would like to make an alarm clock using python. I fell like the people who would use this are those who go to sleep late and need to wake up early, like me. I usually go to sleep at 2am and wake up at 7:30am, and I’ve struggled to find an alarm clock that I up to my high standards of alarms. With my lack of sleep, I feel like I can make a better alarm clock using python. The title of my project will be called “condaclock” like anaconda and clock combined. The way “condaclock” works is that you will enter in the time you are going to sleep, and then enter in the time you would like to wake up. Then when the time comes for you to wake up “condaclock” will make an audible hissing sound like a snake. This sound will trigger your brain to think that there are snakes around you, and you will wake up quicker, maybe even jump out of bed. By doing this your adrenaline will wake you up quick in the morning and you might not even have to drink coffee. “Condaclock” might not be for everyone but for people that struggle with waking up in the morning this might be the answer to your woes. I have looked into how “condaclock” will work and I will search for a existing program to gather information on how an alarm clock works in python. Then I will figure out how to add a .mp3 file of snakes hissing to python and make it go off at exactly the time you enter when you wake up. I have already found some information on stackoverflow.com that shows how an alarm clock in python might operate. I feel like my alarm clock will be used by many people that need an extra boost when waking up in the morning. “Condaclock” is here to wake you up using your own adrenaline no coffee necessary! I feel like I can work on this project by myself. So this project will only require 1 person.
